hey you know I don't give a DK global
spokesmodel for the ice to bow and I am
in front of urban Fitness in Santa
Monica off of Main Street demoing the
ice you Bo kind of bringing some
awareness of street cred Oh awareness
and I am going to be doing some biceps
okay let's check it out see the sliders
nice the kinetic device credible device
on the go two and a half pound of ice
will kick your butt all right
spiders inwards when I'm coming up now
in fact you know what
side
there's a couple tricep exercise you can
do on the ice you go ready let's do it
baby
right on show all the way down left foot
stand all the way
this is another tricep exercise just the
isotope got it
bent over rows very cool you got the
military press is an instructional DVD
it's over 400 exercises you can do back
legs abs everything
one who flies flies on it men
let's make sure you
yeah
I'll be killing the apps killing the ads
with the ISO vote
look at that
when ads like that Scotty P yes yes
you can get them
go to WWII so gear net